TODO.md, before:

# Desktop
+ add pomodoro with eva style https://i.gifer.com/3AzD.gif or https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c0/8c/1a/c08c1a17ee55c995267561a7698614c5.gif

# Laptop 
+ Eva battery warning https://64.media.tumblr.com/f207d7cafd192737dca8821259c27f4c/tumblr_pjw2zyrTPf1xdjegyo1_540.gifv or https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EWNzwSQUMAEAESh.jpg


#  Snippets todo
+ add hotkey for todo for links in obsidian or find plugin for linking
+ add \backslash
+ fix menge
+ trigonometric functions
+ Make it possible to expand $gamma 1$ etc to $\gamma_1$ or $\gamma^1$.
+ add homomorphic, continuous etc. 
+ add \rightarrow, maybe choicenode nach?
+ forall
+ verschiedene normen adden

+ big does not work
\frac{1}{6} \big [ h_{i+1} m_{i+1} + 2 (h_{i} + h_{i+1})m_{i} + m_{i} m_{i-1} \big ]

+ check out mickael-menu/zk
+ check out ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim
+ danymat/neogen
+ nvim-neorg/neorg


# Ranger
+ add lazygit to ranger
+ maximtrp/ranger-archives
+ add neovim integration? https://github.com/ranger/ranger/wiki/Integration-with-other-programs

Commit message:

added volume indicator to readme, edited todo

TODO.md, after:

# Desktop
+ add pomodoro with eva style https://i.gifer.com/3AzD.gif or https://i.pinimg.com/originals/c0/8c/1a/c08c1a17ee55c995267561a7698614c5.gif
+ Actually recreate this as horizontal volume thing mayb

# Laptop 
+ Eva battery warning https://64.media.tumblr.com/f207d7cafd192737dca8821259c27f4c/tumblr_pjw2zyrTPf1xdjegyo1_540.gifv or https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EWNzwSQUMAEAESh.jpg


#  Snippets todo
+ add hotkey for todo for links in obsidian or find plugin for linking
+ add \backslash
+ fix menge
+ trigonometric functions
+ Make it possible to expand $gamma 1$ etc to $\gamma_1$ or $\gamma^1$.
+ add homomorphic, continuous etc. 
+ add \rightarrow, maybe choicenode nach?
+ forall
+ verschiedene normen adden

+ big does not work
\frac{1}{6} \big [ h_{i+1} m_{i+1} + 2 (h_{i} + h_{i+1})m_{i} + m_{i} m_{i-1} \big ]

+ check out mickael-menu/zk
+ check out ekickx/clipboard-image.nvim
+ danymat/neogen
+ nvim-neorg/neorg


# Ranger
+ add lazygit to ranger
+ maximtrp/ranger-archives
+ add neovim integration? https://github.com/ranger/ranger/wiki/Integration-with-other-programs
